Add Terraform docs (#47)
DFE-Digital/terraform-modules: README.md

### Updating `stable` tag

Creating a release for this repo will automatically update the `stable` tag used by production apps.

## Updating [Terraform Docs](https://terraform-docs.io/)

Run the following command in each module directory where the docs need to be updated:

```sh

> docker run --rm --volume "$(pwd):/terraform-docs" -u $(id -u) quay.io/terraform-docs/terraform-docs:0.16.0 markdown /terraform-docs > tfdocs.md

Reviewer: This code block is missing a ``` at the end of it.

### Updating `stable` tag

Creating a release for this repo will automatically update the `stable` tag used by production apps.

> ### Creating terraforn-docs
> 
> To simply add [terraform-docs](https://terraform-docs.io/), run 'docker run --rm --volume "$(pwd):/terraform-docs" -u $(id -u) quay.io/terraform-docs/terraform-docs:0.16.0 markdown /terraform-docs > tfdocs.md' in the module directory to create a terraform-docs file, tfdocs.md.  (leave out  '-u $(id -u)'  when running on windows)

Reviewer: I reckon something like this will make it clearer:

```suggestion
## Updating [Terraform Docs](https://terraform-docs.io/)

Run the following command in each module directory where the docs need to be updated:

```sh
docker run --rm --volume "$(pwd):/terraform-docs" -u $(id -u) quay.io/terraform-docs/terraform-docs:0.16.0 markdown /terraform-docs > tfdocs.md
```

The `-u $(id -u)` can be left out when running on Windows.
```
